#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   chex
    #   dm-haiku
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
cartopy==0.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cftime==1.6.4
    # via -r requirements.in
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
chex==0.1.86
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
    #   optax
click==8.1.7
    # via dask
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via dask
colabtools==0.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
comm==0.2.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask==2024.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
dm-haiku==0.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
etils[epath,epy]==1.9.2
    # via orbax-checkpoint
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
flax==0.8.5
    # via dm-haiku
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   etils
google-api-core==2.19.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2
    # via google-api-core
graphcast @ https://github.com/joaoprocopio/graphcast/archive/master.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==8.0.0
    # via dask
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via etils
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.26.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jax==0.4.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   flax
    #   graphcast
    #   jraph
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jaxlib==0.4.30
    # via
    #   chex
    #   jax
    #   jraph
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jmp==0.0.4
    # via dm-haiku
jraph==0.0.6.dev0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cartopy
    #   graphcast
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
ml-dtypes==0.4.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   tensorstore
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   orbax-checkpoint
numpy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cartopy
    #   cftime
    #   chex
    #   contourpy
    #   dm-haiku
    #   flax
    #   graphcast
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   jmp
    #   jraph
    #   matplotlib
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opt-einsum
    #   optax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   tensorstore
    #   trimesh
    #   xarray
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via jax
optax==0.2.2
    # via flax
orbax-checkpoint==0.5.20
    # via flax
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   cartopy
    #   dask
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
    #   xarray
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==5.27.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   orbax-checkpoint
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via google-auth
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via cartopy
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via cartopy
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
rich==13.7.1
    # via flax
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
rtree==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
scipy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
shapely==2.0.4
    # via cartopy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   python-dateutil
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via dm-haiku
tensorstore==0.1.63
    # via
    #   flax
    #   orbax-checkpoint
toolz==0.12.1
    # via
    #   chex
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
trimesh==4.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chex
    #   etils
    #   flax
    #   graphcast
    #   ipython
    #   orbax-checkpoint
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
widgetsnbextension==4.0.11
    # via ipywidgets
xarray==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphcast
zipp==3.19.2
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
